We're half our way from the market opens
in Hong Kong, Shenzhen, and Shanghai.
[music] You're watching the China show
live at the HKMA Global Financial
Leaders Investment Summit. I'm Ivon
[music] Man with David and Glass. Yep.
Uh we're here at the fourth edition of
the HK leaders summit which our host
earlier on Eddie you of course told us
but was supposed to be a one-off four
years ago but [music] here we are of
course in the global pull. You really
feel it with all the VIPs across the
world coming into the city attending
this event. In fact just right now right
inside uh the ballroom where we are
right now is Halifang uh giving the
opening speech. Have a look. power
development
and we will follow the train of
globalization and deepen um the
institutional opening up and expand high
level open up to the world. We will
orderly expand
the trade and investment liberalization
and facilitation and foster a first
class business environment that's market
oriented and rule of law based
and uh together with all parties we will
work to meet the difficulties and
challenges that the global trades faces
jointly safeguard a healthy and stable
international economic order, ensure the
stability of global industry and supply
chain, promote global economic growth,
and bring benefits to people of all
countries. Ladies and gentlemen, dear
friends,
Hong Kong's
global financial leader investments has
successfully held the three terms
serving as a very important platform for
deepening international financial
exchanges and promoting global financial
cooperation is also a very good
opportunities for international
financial institutions to understand
Hong Kong's developments and it is also
a very important uh window for um
Chinese mainland uh institutions and it
is also a very good opportunities to
enhance dialogue.
The guests present here today are all
experts in economy and finance. I hope
that you can all make full use of this
uh platform and share insights, deepen
communication and exchange on issues of
common concern and constantly increase
our consensus and seek win-win
cooperation. I hope we can have your
continuous support for Hong Kong's
development and actively participate in
China's reform and modernization.
Amidst these uh uncertainties, we hope
that we can inject more stabilities and
positive energy into the global economy
and financial system. In closing, I
would like to wish this summit great
success.
Thank you, Mr. Her, for the keynote.
Over the past three investment summits,
many participants have told us that this
event serves as an important window into
the latest economic and financial.
>> All right, you just heard there from
Halifong speaking in a video address of
course to the crowd here uh in Hong
Kong. And what we heard was really the
prospects for Hong Kong according to the
vice premier remain bright. Right? that
bridge and link uh between Hong Kong and
China very much is still what keeps the
whole Hong Kong story alive and really
connecting China to the world he says
too and you know you talk about the
sentiment just coming off of you know
what we saw in Busousan you know of
course we come to a trade truth between
US and China and then you have this sort
of Hong Kong event you know where equity
markets are still booming you talk about
the IPO market is still strong and it
really gets a sense of how things are
very different on the ground this time
around versus maybe four years ago when
we were here together anchoring the show
for the first time at this event. Dave,
>> yeah, the 2022 version, Eddie, you told
us
>> postco
>> postco was supposed to be the reopening
and the comeback of Hong Kong following,
of course, years uh during the pandemic
and he mentioned it was supposed to be
actually be a one-off event and then it
just sort of snowballed from there and
here we are and it did take a while for
the stars to align, right? So, I think
we were speaking with Eddie earlier on.
we have a bull market in the equity
market with massive fundraising and he
in fact even said it's not just in
equity markets we've had we've we've
seen a lot of activity in the bond
markets and he also talked about how
Hong Kong is as we were just pointing
out there the gateway into China and we
heard from Holy Fang and in fact Edu in
a couple of minutes will be starting
this keynote speech inside with a lot of
Chinese regulators talking about the
role of Hong Kong uh in all of this. It
did take a while, but we're here and how
the stars have aligned for really a good
set of conditions to have this to have
to have this uh this event.
>> Yeah, we heard from David Solomon as
well. It's not just the optimism around
Hong Kong specifically, but what he's
seeing in China, he says,
>> is a bit of a different feeling than
maybe 12 months ago. Let's take a listen
to what we heard just in the last few
hours.
I think the important point for all of
us is really just to address the risk,
manage the risk, but at the same time we
are seeing loads of different
opportunities. You talk about uh how our
capital markets are really getting very
vibrant but it's not just the equities
market, it's also the bond markets. If
you look at the issuance of GSON bond,
one time bond, uh green bonds, it's
broken all the records. So I I thought
the uh the market uh sentiment here is
really vibrant.
there's more appetite for it than there
was 12 months ago. I remember actually
last November sitting in a dinner um in
the United States with a group of US
investors. Um and this topic came up and
there were a couple of investors that
basically said we all should be looking
to China. And the the reason the reason
that had evolved that way is if you look
last fall, the prices had gotten so
cheap, the capital flows had moved so in
the other direction that it you just
knew that things would come more into
balance and there'd be a recycling. And
we've seen that recycling.
>> Yep. And this we're just getting started
when it comes to guests, right? We spoke
to Schroers, we saw the Goldman here.
And coming up, we have plenty of guests
in the next few hours here. First and
foremost, of course, we're going to talk
a little bit more about the state of
play when it comes to private markets,
right? When we're talking a little bit
more uh with uh our guests are coming
up,
>> Hamilton Lane, uh State Street, Mizuo.
>> So, they just completed this deal,
right? When it comes to the global
custodial business, we'll talk to the
both the leaders of State Street and
Missouo on that sort of deal. And Jenny
Johnson from Funkin Templeton joining us
there in the next hour as well.
>> Yeah, we we got pretty much all your
asset classes covered. And what's
interesting about this, so we've done
this for several years. I think this is
actually going to be my first time to do
a round table with two global CEOs.
>> Yeah.
>> Of of of head of financial institutions
>> from on the field live, right?
>> From the field live. So, it's going to
be a logistics gymnastics for you, but I
promise we'll try and get them smoothly
to you. So, yeah, stay tuned, of course,
as lots more coming up from our set here
at the Hong Kong uh financial leaders
summit. We will take you straight back
inside now where you have Eddie Yu. He's
uh moderating this panel with Chinese
financial regulators. Let's have a look.
relaxed monetary policies and measures
to support stable growth of our econ
economy.
We ensure reasonable growth of our
fiscal policy and also
provided long-term liquidity
and we have offered very good support to
the operations of medium-term
loans and also we are providing support
to the physical economy in terms of
credit demand being met. And we are
launching a number of policies to lower
the financing cost for institutions and
also for other types of loans in our
community to address real needs.
And we also optimize our credit
structure. We have set up a reloone
mechanism
and we have set up an innovation and
technology bonded
risk sharing tool at the level of 300
billion remn so that we can truly
support
the retirement life of Chinese people
and also support
the incl inclusive economy and green
economy.
We will spend no effort to the execution
of such policies.
In terms of supporting Hong Kong as a
financial center in recent years, we
have been dedicated to such efforts. In
January this year, Mr. Pan at the Asian
Financial Forum talked about four major
areas of his work and also all the
relevant measures. We will continue to
deepen the connectedness between Hong
Kong and mainland China.
For example, we are going to strengthen
the setting up of the offshore Roman B
center in Hong Kong and we have been
responding to the aspirations in the
market so that we can further promote
various levels of connectedness
including bond connect
and we have also provided a lot of
support to mainland
and also overseas investors concerning
the buyback of bonds so that
this will become a very wellrecoognized
collateral in Hong Kong.
We will enhance the
efficiency and also the value of daily
transactions
and
more than 1,100
overseas
organizations have already entered the
bond market and the scale of such bonds
have reached 3.8 8 trillion remn.
By the end of July,
we have reached
a huge amount
of investment
cross boundary
and we have also
done a lot in terms of the gold market
and we have already uh commissioned the
operation of the gold reserve in
Shanghai stock market. In February this
year, we have supported the Hong Kong MA
to launch a huge scale
liquidity fund and we have expanded the
use of funds in October so that we can
ensure low financing cost in terms of
remnants.
We have already reached a very high
level of transaction on this front and
together with the relevant government
departments we have set up in Hong Kong
offshore remman debt and other product
offerings for the first nine months in
Hong Kong. We have launched
central bank debt
uh which is at the level of 30 billions
yen more compared to last year. So we
have launched a number of
connectedness measures to promote better
connection of surfaces so that we can
better serve the nine cities inside the
greater Bay Area.
And
we have attracted more people to set up
bank accounts and
provided a lot of convenience for
residents in Hong Kong and Macau to live
and also receive education and work in
mainland China. CIF
has been set up and we have reached 113
organizations facilitating international
trade and investment across the border.
And we have also set up e payment
platforms to promote the greater bay
area
in terms of
safe and convenient cross border payment
and transactions.
We have been working very closely
with many institutions.
For example, uh we have covered many
enterprises in Sanjzhen. We have offered
bank financing to many institutions
across the border.
We are looking at unprecedented
uncertainties and fluctuations around
the world. This year we are talking
about tracking forward into unknown and
fluctuating terrain. I trust that Hong
Kong will continue to play its important
role,
not just as a very attractive financial
center,
but also we are going to work together
with government departments to render
our strongest support to Hong Kong
so that we can make contributions to the
greater Bay Area so that we can have
high quality development.
We can facilitate crossber activities
and investments and improve the overall
investment environment. I understand
that you are all financial leaders from
around the world. We look forward to
deepened interactions and exchanges with
all of you so that we can all create a
better future for Hong Kong as a
financial center and create great
premium to China as well. I wish this
forum or the summit a great success.
Thank you,
Mr. Lou. Now,
let's invite Mr. Joy
to talk about how we can further promote
the development
of our financial sector
and foster Hong Kong's position as an
international financial market.
They distinguish uh chas Lee, Mr. Shu,
um Mr. Pochan, Mr. Edan,
distinguished guests, ladies and
gentlemen, it is very honored for me to
attend the force global financial
leaders investment summit. Mr. Xi
Jinping attached great importance to the
long-term stability and prosperity of
Hong Kong and has made a series of uh
important instructions and u Mr.
Holifong has already make a um speech
through the video and um uh we will um
continue to implement the instructions
accordingly. As we know that the fourth
uh uh plinary uh session of uh the uh
20th u uh CBC meeting has already
summarized uh the achievements of uh our
country uh which includes the important
part of the achievements and the Chinese
manland and the financial system here in
Hong Kong. I would like to summarize it
in four aspects. The first one is the
high quality development of the
industrial uh uh the financial industry.
As we know uh that the uh banking and
insurance total asset has exceeded more
than um 500 million and as uh the uh
world's uh first biggest um um banking
market and the second insurance market
we have seen great uh performance. Um
the uh trustees and insurance uh asset
managements uh companies are managing
more than um
one uh uh 10 billion and uh there are
more than 143 of them are Hong Kong
subsidiaries and we have seen um great
performance for different indicators for
the um foreign uh banks in China. And uh
secondly, we have seen great improvement
of the service level. In the past five
years, we have seen funding of more than
1.3 uh million provided by the the
banks. We have seen improvement for the
inclusive uh loans and uh we have seen
more than trillion of investments that
goes into science and technology and uh
insurance. uh as the buffer uh for risk.
We have seen a uh claim of uh more than
um 9 trillion and um third one is about
the stable operations of the financial
system. Uh the major indicators of the
finance are still very healthy. Um the
non-performing loans for banks is around
1.47%.
The profitability of insurance companies
have greatly enhanced and the uh
provisions for risk and capital has
exceeded uh um more than five um um five
billion and uh we have seen uh also the
the stabilization of our property market
and uh we have uh seen great um um uh
solutions for the local debts. And the
fourth one is the continuous
consolidation of uh the IFC positioning
of Hong Kong. Uh Hong Kong has uh um
banking industries from more than 40
countries and uh uh regions
and uh we have seen great um
penetrations and coverage of insurance
and from the first 10 months of this
year the IPO scale in Hong Kong is
ranked number one and at the same time
Hong Kong is now undertaking more than
75% of the offshore R&B settlement and
payment business and the connectivity
schemes including the the uh uh
Shanghai, Shenzhen, Hong Kong bond
connect uh wealth management command
connect and other schemes have been
greatly integrated into the national
development and uh we can see that that
the full plinary session of the 20th CBC
meeting has already confirmed the
15-year plan for the country uh which
suggests that we need to build the
country into a financial powerhouse and
we need to focus on the uh science and
green finance, inclusive finance,
pension finance, dutual finance etc. We
need to make sure that the financial
institutions can focus on their
specialty and complete the overall
governance framework. It is also
suggested that Hong Kong and Mac should
play its role as a important connector
of the world and the Chinese mainland
and Hong Kong's uh position as a
international financial center, shipping
center, trade centers should be further
enhanced and the country support Hong
Kong to build it into a international
science and technology hub. All these
targets and requirements have created
new opportunities for Hong Kong. As we
know for many years Hong Kong has been
number one among the the international
financial centers in the latest ranking
with Hong Kong's uh uh achievements in
uh capital funding mechanism uh business
environment financial talents and other
vantage uh has become uh Asia's number
one and global number three financials
uh center and with the 15th financial uh
15th 5-year land bail and row initiative
and also the greater bay areas policies.
Uh the financial cooperations between
the Chinese mainland and Hong Kong will
embrace a greater opportunities and
space. For our next step, we will
continue to deepen our financial
cooperation between Chinese mainland and
Hong Kong and to make sure that Hong
Kong can be fully integrated into the
national development
and continue to enhance Hong Kong as a
international financial center. First,
we need to expand the opening of uh uh
international finance. We need to
benchmark with the international
standards and explore in a greater scale
and greater scope uh for the finance uh
openness and with separ framework we
respond actively the demands of the uh
finance industries in Hong Kong and
Macau and continue to open up uh to um
the Chinese mainland and we uh support
the Hong Kong uh uh institutions and
organizations to come to Chinese
mainland to build up a vibrant
cooperation and partnership and will
continue to deepen the interconnectivity
with Hong Kong and the Chinese mainland.
Hong Kong as the super connector
uh will continue to play a very
important role in terms of insurance. uh
the Chinese insurance companies would be
allowed to uh issued uh insurance uh
linked bonds in the Hong Kong markets
and uh we will also continue to provide
more um phil facilitated uh financial
services in the greater bay area. Hong
Kong has uh great advantages
international trade, shipping, logistics
and finance uh services. There are many
corporation mode that we can explore in
the greater bay area. We support the
banking and in insurance institutes to
go global to help the Chinese companies
to reach broader market. Hong Kong has
advantage and finance, law, insurance
and other uh professional services. It
is very important support and platform
for Chinese companies to go global. And
uh thirdly we need to focus on the five
aspects for finance um development.
We need to strengthen uh technology
green inclusive digital and pensioned
finance uh corporations. Hong Kong has
an advantage and science and technology
innovation and IP protection and it
serves as a very good window for
strengthening digital uh currency and
electronic payment. uh we support the uh
Hong Kong institutions to deeply
participate in the science and finance
uh practices and digital transformation
in China and we also promote the
pensioned um u finance in uh Chinese
mainland and uh we should enable
the uh green and lowcarbon uh
transformation and provide uh Chinese
example and experience to the world. We
also participate into international
finance uh governance and regulations
actively. We need to effectively balance
the risk and development and we will
further complete the cooperation
mechanism um and uh policy framework
between the Chinese mainland and Hong
Kong regulators to promote the high
quality of the finance industry. We will
actively um respond to external risks
and uh strengthen uh the communications
in regulation and uh financial um safety
and stability will be safely regarded
for
uh the uncertainties. Uh we will
continue to focus on our own business
and with one country two systems Hong
Kong will convert um the national
strategies into new impetus for its own
development uh while servicing the
country financial development. Uh Hong
Kong will continue to write its new
chapter as a strong international
financial center. I wish this summit
every success in closing. Thank you.
And uh I believe that uh uh the opening
up of the SFC is of great interest to
you. And now uh let's uh welcome um WD
director Mr. Lee to share with us his
remarks.
Distinguish
Mr. John Lee,
Mr. Chiang, Mr. Joi,
Mr. Porchen, Mr. Eddie,
uh, Mr. Yangu,
distinguished guests, ladies and
gentlemen, good morning.
I'm very happy to be here to attend the
force global financial leader investment
summit on be part of uh CSRC. I would
like to say my congratulations to the
summit.
We are now situated in an unprecedented
um time and we are seeing a lot of
uncertainties and turbulence for the
global economic order and the financial
system. This summit themed tracking
through um to uh shifting terrains is
very timely. Mr. Kolifon has already
made a very important speech about how
we can accurately
uh master the trend of the financial
industry globally. And he has also
talked about the strategic deployment of
uh uh financial uh measures and how to
promote um an elevated development of uh
the capital market here in Hong Kong. We
will uh continue to implement the
important instructions. uh China's uh
capital markets um was spawned uh amidst
reforms and continued to open up to the
world and uh no matter what the
international situation would be, China
will continue to remain open for its
capital markets and will respond to the
external uncertainties with a
coordinated m manner in the 14th 5-year
planned period. uh the CSRC
continue to implement the deployment and
policies of the state council and the
central government and it is always a
market oriented and rule based for the
market assets and rules uh benchmarking.
We have uh launched a series of uh um
very iconic open uh measures
uh with great achievement since uh five
years ago. We have opened up uh the
market assets. We have cancelled uh the
bonds of securities uh and futures uh um
foreign holding percentage and uh we
have uh applied uh equitable treatment
for foreign institutions in this regard
and we support the investment of the
foreign financial institutions coming to
China to invest and we have approved 13
foreign uh securities futures and funded
companies um with great license and we
have seen and great uh growth for the
numbers of foreign securities, bonds,
futures companies. We have seen uh great
uh connectivities for the market and we
have completed the regulatory mechanisms
for um companies to go um listed in
other countries. There are more than 269
countries going to another country to go
public and uh we continue to to see the
expansion of the connectivity um scheme
and uh we have also provided uh greater
convenience for the foreign investors to
invest in the Asia market. The holding
value is now already reaching 3.4
trillion R&B. uh foreign investors have
become a great participator for the
markets and we have seen greater
openness in product products. We have uh
the mutual recognitions of funds and ETF
uh mechanism. We support Hong Kong to um
launch the first Asia um futures uh
products and uh this has uh catered to
the needs of the investors in different
risk appetite and we continue to open up
the new [snorts] uh products for futures
and stock options and now 24 specific
products have already allowed foreign
investors to participate and uh we are
uh opening up our capital market. Uh
Hong Kong with its expertise and
advantage and institutions, capital and
talents has uh already become a very
important bridge that connects uh uh
Chinese mainland capital and the world.
We are very happy to see that since this
year, Hong Kong's capital market has
already demonstrated
very good upward trend for uh uh CACL,
Hungre Pharmaceutical and other uh great
uh enterprises has already gone global
through Hong Kong and [snorts] um
competitiveness influence of Hong Kong
as an ISC has continued to be uh
consolidated. is attractiveness continue
to grow for foreign investors and Hong
Kong's prosperity means great
prosperities for the country and uh the
uh on the other hand we have seen the
national uh policies benefiting Hong
Kong
while we continue to open up the
mainland Chinese capital market while we
continue to develop in a synchronized
manner we can help Hong Kong to foster
its position as a in international
financial market at the same time to
Chinese
economy and highquality development of
mainland enterprises. We are also
injecting a lot of energy. Not too long
ago, the plenary session has endorsed a
number of recommendations
clarifying our next five-year objective
in terms of building the high quality
system. We have already set a very good
foundation. We have made proposal in
terms of constructing our nation into a
strong financial power. We will continue
to uphold the spirit of the plenary
session. We will control risk and move
towards high quality development.
We will deepen the capital market and
also complete a mission to continuously
open up our market and identify useful
measures along the way.
We will further enhance cross boundary
facilitation of investment and
financing.
Last week actually we have launched
a working plan to optimize investors
system so that we can enhance the
efficiency
and expand the scope of investment from
foreign investors and enrich investment
options
and provide facilitation and highly
efficient
measures to further support them.
provide more
predictability and also clarity to our
investors. We'll continue our dialogue
so as to expeditiously implement these
measures.
We will deepen
our collaboration with the capital
market in Hong Kong.
We will enhance efficiency for IPO in
Hong Kong.
Roman B stock transaction counters would
be included
into our framework. We will support the
futures market in Hong Kong, enrich the
management tools for offshore remnitives
and help Hong Kong to continuously
foster its position as an international
financial market. We will create healthy
interactions.
Thirdly, we will further enhance
our regulatory capability and risk
aversion capability.
We will deepen
crossboundary legal protection and
collaboration including the Hong Kong
MA.
We will share more information
co-gotiation of policies to prevent risk
from crossing the border. At the same
time,
under the Oscll framework, we will
continuously
promote the capital markets fair, just
and inclusive characteristics.
Dear guests, dear friends,
Chairman Xi has already pointed out
if you work with China, you are working
with opportunities. If you trust China,
you are
believing in your future.
Under the 14 five-year plan, we have
achieved a growth of 5.5%.
And we have provided 35% of stability to
the world economy.
We have very good pillars of support for
the Chinese economy. If you look at our
Asia market, they have stabilized and
rebounded. This year major indexes have
been improving. Total market cap
exceeded 111
trillion remn
stock markets.
The average daily transaction is about
two trillion.
We welcome more international
institutions and long-term capital to
come to China to establish your foothold
so that we can develop and win together.
I have a number of ideas that I would
like to share.
First of all is about investment value.
Our
policies and initiatives
are being implemented so that our
overall system continues to be
optimized.
Our internal
tenacity has improved in the first half.
Asia companies net profit and revenue
have grown for the first three quarters.
Our
dividend payout in total reaches 2.1
trillion RMBB
and
the fluctuation has eased off.
So we should be your preferred
destination of investment.
The Chinese economy is strong
and it will provide continuously
unprecedented investment opportunities
to all of you
in terms of our journey on
modernization.
You should grasp such opportunities to
share the premium of our development
in terms of
being a contributor. The 14 five-year
plan already stipulated that we need to
be more inclusive
and we need to perform greater functions
as a capital market.
How do we move with the times? How do we
deepen reform measures and innovation
so that new businesses, new
technologies,
new enterprises can receive more
inclusive services
so as to better serve highquality growth
and development. That is indeed an
important topic for all of us. We hope
that international organizations can
share.
>> All right, welcome back. Good morning to
all of you joining us from the Asia
Pacific. Good evening if you're joining
us from other parts of the world.
Welcome back. You're watching the China
Show. Uh you're looking at some live
pictures there of the event that's
taking place right now here at the
Rosewood Hotel, the Hong Kong in the
HKMA Global Financial Leaders Investment
Summit where just outside that room
coming up on your screens any moment now
is going to be Ivonne and myself. We're
right outside of course where things are
taking place there. Uh in fact, joining
us exclusively to talk about everything
that's been going on there, everything
that's been announced so far. uh in
particular this I wouldn't say renewed
vigor but just this resurgence again of
interest in private markets. Joining us
here on set is Hartley Rogers, executive
co-chairman at Hamilton Lane. It's very
nice to see you and good morning.
>> Great to see you David.
>> Thank you for carving out a piece of
your time. I know you stepped out from
what's going on inside.
>> It's been a fantastic few years for your
your asset class.
>> Yes.
>> Have you had to turn money away at this
point? Are you closing the door? Like
how good have things been? How much
growth have you seen this year? Well, I
think we've seen a fair amount of growth
from some channels. I wouldn't say we've
had to turn money away, but we certainly
are prudent in how we invest the money.
You have to be careful that you're
balancing the inflows with investment
opportunities that you're seeing across
the different things that that we do.
>> I mean, you guys just reached a key
milestone, which is a trillion dollars
uh in assets here right now. Um, what
what gives you confidence that this boom
in in private markets, for example, can
can continue? Well, I think first of
all, private markets have been around
for a long time, and they've proven
themselves over decades as being a great
way to invest and a great ownership
structure for certain kinds of
companies. Not everybody, but for
certain companies. And so, we believe
that the fundamental reasons why private
markets work are still there and will
continue to work for the foreseeable
future, especially as economies grow and
develop, as you're seeing here in the
Asian region.
>> Where are you seeing the fresh money
coming from? Are you seeing new types of
clients? Is it more the sovereign types?
Are you seeing family offices which we
hear a lot about here in this part of
the world?
>> Yeah, it's today it's really coming in a
couple of places mostly from families,
wealthy individuals and then pushing
down into democratization in the form of
things like defined contribution pension
schemes, saving schemes and things like
that. I think for years private markets
have been the province of sophisticated
institutions, endowments and and and
sovereign wealth funds, big pension
funds. We see that now changing as
they're being made more broadly
available to other people. Tokenization
is a very important part of that and
that's something we've been talking
about here in this conference.
>> There's we've also seen some trends
right where a lot of LPled sort of deals
are being made here in Asia. What do you
make of that sort of trend right now?
>> Well, I think the secondary markets in
private equity are very substantial and
growing. is you've had an asset class
whose net asset value has gone in the
last 20 years from something like $500
billion to something like 12 or 13
trillion. You naturally have a lot more
ability to shape and customize
portfolios including by vintage going
back in time and so LP secondaries which
I think is Ivon what you're talking a
little bit about is definitely something
that people are using more and more.
What about this trend of just reducing
exposure to the US dollar? Like how is
that how is that resonating the most
this year for you guys?
>> Well, I think pe people are wanting to
have global portfolios. Private markets
forever have been a US-led phenomenon.
So his going back in time, it's been
kind of 70% US, 20% Europe and 10% rest
of world has been sort of how the asset
class has looked for 25 or 30 years. I
think as Asia continues to grow, all the
different opportunities here, the more
sophisticated way that people are acting
and investing and thinking, I think
people are going to want to be more
exposed to the growth opportunities in
Asia.
>> Over in the US where you're based,
Harley, there there has been some cracks
that emerging, right? When you take a
look at the likes of First Brands and
the like.
>> Is this something that you think is just
a one-off that we're seeing in private
credit markets or do you think there is
some sort of systemic risk? Now,
>> we do not see a systemic risk today. No,
we think that these are one-offs.
They're being greatly magnified by the
media and by people who have a kind of
vested interest. Not saying that the
media necessarily has a vested
interesting
point at you, [laughter] but the people
who are talking about it, there are some
vested interests in making this feel
like it's like it's unstable. If you
look at the situations that have been
focused on in the press, they're not
deals that are sponsored by private
equity firms by and large, and they're
kind of this kind of thing does happen.
there's not they're not actually that
big when you look at the grand scheme of
everything in in private credit and in
our private credit business we really
have not seen anything like this happen
>> right I I guess that really comes with
the you know how wide and broad the
spotlight has become in the asset class
I mean you will be seeing things like
this I want to ask you then in terms of
opportunities in China we talked about
this during just during the break before
we we came back live what what are you
seeing in China as far as a deal
sourcing perspective and also the amount
of money that wants to come out of China
looking at deals elsewhere.
>> China is obviously a very important
economy and it's a very important market
for any firm that wants to be a global
firm in in these asset classes. It also
as the economy is is recovering as
you've had uh Hong Kong uh being so
vibrant and and and and kind of opening
up to the world, tremendous stock market
performance, lots of IPOs, it's really
the gateway in a way, a gateway in and
out of China. And so I think you're
seeing a lot more interest in in Chinese
uh deals today than you've seen before
as the economy is sort of stabilizing
and people are are looking at it.
>> Are there certain sectors or industries
where you think a lot of those deals are
quantum created? Well, I think in in
private markets, the biggest part of
private markets worldwide is buyouts.
>> And buyouts is sort of a phenomenon of
of a Starbucks like Starbucks, more
sophisticated, more mature economy where
there's an ownership structure in
private markets that could be
appropriate for a company. It could be a
founder company that maybe the founders
are getting older, maybe the children
don't want to be in the business and
they're deciding they want to
professionalize it, bring in outside
ownership. That's a wonderful
opportunity for private equity. It's
also true in corporate carveouts. If you
have companies that have grown and grown
and they have different kind of non-core
businesses, maybe the management team is
thinking m maybe we don't need to be in
all these businesses. There's a better
ownership structure for for some of
them. And so in any kind of big economy,
China, Japan, you're seeing it more in
Korea. You certainly saw it in the US
and Europe. You have opportunities in
both of driven by both of these
phenomena. How are you looking at exits
now given that we are seeing bull
markets in in much of this region right
now too?
>> Well, I think that it's great that the
IPO market in Hong Kong has come back. I
think that's obviously a critical exit
for a lot of private equity markets. I
think the US has seen some good IPO
activity this year as well. So, it feels
to us like you're beginning to see the
exits come back in to the private equity
market. It's been slow for a few years
really in a way the hangover from CO
with the the the inflation and then the
interest rate rises which kind of
dampened activity. I think you're now
beginning to see that loosening up.
>> Harley, it's great to have you here.
>> Thank you.
>> In the region, Harley Rogers there,
executive co-chairman at Hamilton Lane,
joining us here, of course, at the HQMA
event. Of course, subscribers, you can
turn on your terminal for more on the
HKMA Global Financial Leaders Investment
Summit. T Live Go is your function on
your terminal to check out for the
latest updates, commentary, expert
analysis, and of course some of the
interviews that we're bringing to you
throughout the day, Dave.
>> Yeah, speaking of, in the next hour,
we'll be speaking with the CEOs of State
Street and Mizuho Financial Group. They
completed this deal, of course, for
State Street to acquire some of Missou's
business. We'll talk about the rational
of the deal, of course, and what else is
in store for both of them individually.
And also on your screens, as you can
see, Jenny Johnson will be joining
[music] us here on set coming through.
Lots more on the way here from the HKMA
Summit. Good morning to all of you.
You're watching the China Show.
Good morning. Welcome back. You're
watching the China Show. Let's get to
some other news this morning. So,
Starbucks is selling this a majority
stake in its China unit, the private
equity form, Buoyu Capital. The price
tag there, $4 billion. Now, the coffee
chain shares rose in late trade after
the announcement. [music] You see that
on your screens. Uh, let's bring in our
Asia global business managing editor
Rachel Chang in our Hong Kong studios
for us. Yeah. So, Rachel, we've been
tracking the ins and outs of the story
and finally we're here. Finally, we have
a price tag. How did how did BoyU emerge
as the winner here?
>> Right. Exactly. So, we broke the news
last week. Um, of course, uh, you know,
there were a lot of bidders in in this
process and boy really emerged as the
winner because first of all, it's a
Chinese private equity firm which means
that its connections onshore is going to
be that much stronger for Starbucks. You
know, we're already seeing that
happening. We just broke another piece
of news which is that the Bori is going
to be looking for over a billion um in a
leverage loan from Chinese banks to
finance this um 60% stake. You know,
Bori also recently closed a
[clears throat] really big deal for
China's biggest chain of luxury malls
SKP. That means that there's probably
going to be a lot of synergies available
for Starbucks outlets and those malls
for example. Um, and you know,
ultimately I think it was really that
strategy and those Chinese mainland
connections uh that helped Bory beat out
these other global PE firms that were
very interested in a stake as well
because that's really what China uh
Starbucks has been missing in China.
>> Yeah, that's coming out time. They've
been struggling for years now. Even
Lucken has surpassed them and being you
know the largest coffee chain there. So
you are seeing these local domestic
really winners emerge in all this and
this is really kind of the next chapter
for Starbucks. What does it mean for
them now?
>> Right? I think that's really the biggest
question because for a long time now you
know people have been pressuring
Starbucks to say look at all you're
getting beat by all these Chinese uh
chains you know the luckin model quick
turnaround lowcost smaller stores but
you know Starbucks has been trying to
hold quite firm to its idea that it's a
different kind of business. It's
premium. It's going to sell lattes at
three times the price because it has
these beautiful stores where people can
hang out. So, you know, I think what
we're looking to next is whether that
kind of model will really survive now
that private equity is in charge. China
is a very different type of industry,
uh, a different type of market where
consumers are looking for different
things. So, you know, in a couple years,
Starbucks in China might be quite
unrecognizable from what we know
Starbucks elsewhere to be. You know, now
we have a Chinese PE firm in charge and
we'll probably be looking to grow those
margins very quickly.
Rachel, thank you. Our Asia global
business managing editor, Rachel Chang
there, uh, joining us from our Hong Kong
studios. Let's take you back here at the
Rosewood Hotel and we're taking you live
pictures back inside, of course, the
Grand Ballroom and really talking about
this macro picture that we're seeing,
right? And what you're seeing is a uh
the HSBC CEO there, George Heldery,
William Ford, chairman and CEO of
General Atlantic, and the UBS chairman
as well, Cole Keller in a panel. Let's
listen in.
Trade has become a major driver of
foreign direct investment and a major
driver for employment
and we've seen that very clearly in
Assean with Chinese foreign direct
investment to build manufacturing
capabilities be it autos in in uh in
Thailand be it electronics in Malaysia
be it logistics in Singapore etc etc
Vietnam Indonesia have been also big
beneficiaries but also places like India
and Mexico have been big beneficiaries
of these FDI flows. So they bring with
them hard currency, they bring with them
employment, they bring with them wealth,
they bring with them export
capabilities. Um and and you know they
partly benefited from low wages in many
of these countries compared now for
instance to China. uh but also um you
know the the the potential of this
growth is massive because when you look
at the FDIs from within Asia
specifically China we remain at
substantial you know or multiples lower
than the FDIs of some of the more mature
economies such as the US, Germany, the
UK, Japan, Korea. So there is massive
potential for more
um will have a different role in global
trade. The first thing is the US was the
consumer of last resort. Anything
manufactured on this planet would find
buyers in the US if they couldn't find
buyers anywhere else. And that probably
will not be the case anymore. Or if it
is the case, it will come at a price.
And that's a base tariff to access the
US consumer. And um we just need to be
factoring this in the future as part of
the US being more self-reliant than it
has been historically.
>> Yeah, thanks uh George for those uh
trends. Um
all you've mentioned actually creates a
lot of opportunities for the region, the
APEC region as a whole. Um but apart
from opportunities, are there any risks
that we need to watch out for in those
kind of landscape?
So Arthur definitely creates lots of
opportunity. Um and um I just take the
opportunity to say that um we have on
the 9th of October announced u an offer
to invest more than 100 billion dollar
Hong Kong dollars in Hong Kong with the
our offer to take private hensen bank.
Um so hopefully that talks that talks by
itself about the conviction we have and
the opportunity we see in the space. But
if I talk about the risks, there are a
number of risks. Um certainly a big risk
is the is the technology disruption.
Adopting it is an opportunity. Missing
out on it is going to be a major risk.
And it still comes with some of its
challenges. Adopting blockchain is a
major opportunity. We already rolled out
tokenized deposits for our customers in
Hong Kong and a number of other
jurisdictions. We're participating to
the e Hong Kong dollar. with
participating to project ensemble for
the interoperability of blockchain. All
these opportunities are real, but
there's still a lot that's happening on
the blockchain away from regulated uh
financial service.
[music]
We're very pleased [music] to see that
uh Hong Kong has earnestly implemented
the chairman's [music] instructions with
the support of central government. Hong
Kong's economy and [music] hope have
greatly improved since this year. We
have seen a great economic and social
development. [music] We have again
proved one country, two systems has
strong vitality that Hong Kong has a
solid foundation for long-term [music]
prosperity and stability and its status
as an IFC will continue to be
strengthened.
>> I think the important point for all of
us is [music] really just to address the
risk, manage the risk. But at the same
time, we are seeing loads of different
opportunities. is you talk about uh how
[music] our capital markets are really
getting very vibrant but it's not just
the equities market it's also the bond
markets if you [music] look at the
issuance of dimson bond one time bond uh
green bonds it's broken all the records
so I I thought the uh the market uh
sentiment here is really vibrant
really excites me about this part of the
[music] world is the growth in wealth
right so it's at least two uh two 2%
higher than any other part of the world
um we've got a 47% % explosion in
Chinese ultra [music] high net worth
individuals forecast at 28. So um you
know I think even as we look at what's
quite a difficult and choppy set of
markets globally we're really positive
about Asia.
>> There's [music] more appetite for it
than there was 12 months ago. I remember
actually last November sitting in a
dinner um in the United States with a
group of US investors [music] um and
this topic came up and there were a
couple of investors that basically said
we all should be looking to China and
the the reason the reason that had
[music] evolved that way is if you look
last fall the prices had gotten so cheap
the capital flows had moved so in the
other direction that it you just knew
that things would come more into balance
and there'd be a recycling and we've
seen about recycling.
>> What a day, what a week when it comes to
Hong Kong and certainly you heard from
some of our big guests here this morning
and really talking about the vibrancy of
this market, how bright the prospects
are. We heard that from the vice premier
Helong in his opening speech here at
HKMA and certainly it seems like those
good vibes can continue here today.
>> Yeah, I mean it's the the stars have
really aligned for this one and to your
point right what a week it's been. It's
only Tuesday, almost feels like we're
pushing towards the weekend with the
amount of activity that's already taken
place here this morning. We've had a ton
of interviews just now and of course
there's lots more coming up here on the
show and Ivon were just talking as well
on this is the fourth edition of the AHK
Financial Leader Summit which was
supposed to be as Eddie your host who
joined us on shows earlier on said it
was supposed to be a one-off thing. It
was only supposed to be an exit of co
sort of
>> right
>> sort of way of telling people that
they're they're open for business and
then they felt the need to do this every
single year
>> and this is I think the fir the second
time the both of us have been here live
on set and really kind of talking about
you know it seems like the feeling on
the ground has changed that this
resurgence that we're seeing in capital
markets here in Hong Kong it certainly
is real you know you heard from David
Solomon Goldman Sachs uh leader saying
you know really this there's going to be
a lot of deals and he's very
constructive around uh in this part of
the world for 2026 into 2027 too, Dave.
>> Well, I mean, speak speaking of deals.
>> Yeah, we got we got a big one to tell
you about.
>> Yes. In fact, why why don't we get that
started uh right now? So, you have State
Street and Mizuo completing a deal last
month for State Street to acquire
Missou's overseas custodian and related
businesses. Now, it includes State
Street taking on, as you can see on your
screens here, Missou's offshore security
services and also some lending services
in the United States. for the rationale
behind the deal, why they did it, what
the plans are. No better people really
to tell us those things than joining us
here on set is Ronald O'Haley, uh,
chairman and CEO of State Street and of
course Masahiro Kihara, president and
group CEO of Missou Financial Group.
Thank you so much for taking the time. I
think this is the first for us really
having [laughter] two global CEOs. So we
appreciate the time.
>> Very very basic question. Why did you
guys do it? Masa, let me start with you.
>> Yes, thank you very much for having us.
uh you know the global custody business
is a very capital intensive business.
You need scale
>> and the market is dominant by a handful
of players and we're we don't have the
scale.
>> So it was very logical for us to think
about selling this business and we had a
great relationship with state for many
years. Ron and I had cultivated a great
relationship for two years or so and and
state is very good at this business and
they have extensive knowledge in this.
So it was very logical for us to start
see talking with Ron about selling our
views and it it made it made it through.
Moving forward I think we we have two
responsibilities. We we want to transfer
our clients to the to state make sure
that happens and we will transfer our
people to state for a certain period of
time. Also we want to make sure that our
clients will get the demand their their
their demand from state and from such
purpose we will also transfer the people
to them.
>> Yeah
>> Ron from your vantage what what does
state street get out of this deal?
>> Well we get a couple things. Uh as Karan
mentioned uh this is very much a scale
business. Uh so when we have
opportunities to acquire high quality
scale like we saw in Mizuo uh that's
something that we're all always
interested in. But secondly is we're
very optimistic and have been for
several years now in Japan. Uh we've got
a uh presence there and this was an
ability um though the the clients are
the global custody clients
>> and uh Mizuo will remain as our local
subcustodian.
um it it is a set of Japanese clients
that we will now be serving and if uh
our belief is as we serve them well
reputationally that'll help us in uh in
Japan. So it was really a a twofur for
us this idea of more scale um in places
like Luxembourg in the US and then uh
this tremendous client base and then
finally just a great partner an ongoing
partner with Mizuo.
>> Right. I think the deal was announced
back early this year and of course it
recently just completed at a time of
transition. There might be some concerns
among clients of course what happens to
my account how I don't do this from
their perspective is there any message
you want to send clients your clients
that then become your clients how does
that transition work master let me start
>> so so far we have been talking to our
clients already
>> and I think they are very confident that
state will deliver the demands of our
clients but uh having said that we want
to make sure that that will happen and
we will have our people transferred to
state
so that our our clients uh needs will be
listened by state and I I think Ron will
do that and I have no I have full
confidence in that. Yeah.
>> Yeah. Part of the appeal of the
transaction was that theo staff were
coming to join us. Um they're very high
capability. Um
>> and you're keeping that stuff. We are
keeping that and uh in in the custodial
world which is you know very bespoke
very technical uh but Japanese clients
are known as being the most demanding
service-wise. So um we try and build our
entire service culture and we've done
this for years around what do Japanese
clients want and need. So the ability to
bring in more staff of that quality is
uh is very important to us. And Ron, you
mentioned that, you know, this doesn't
seem like a one-off to you, that Japan
is one of your fastest growing
businesses and markets out there here
right now. In terms of just the amount
of flows that you're seeing, how much
how much are you still seeing going into
Japan right now?
>> Yeah, so um there's been it it seems
like a long time where global investors
have been um waiting for this uh and in
fact for a long time you started to hear
things like well is is Japan even
relevant any longer? But if you think
about the economy uh think about the
manufacturing base uh and now think
about what's happening there from a
government policy perspective a real
desire to um move uh more capital uh
into markets to deploy more capital
transform the savings uh society into an
investment society. So all those things
have lined up um in a way that we see a
further growth uh spurt in Japan that we
think will be sustained for quite some
time.
>> I mean we we cover markets every day and
if you told us just maybe this time last
year that the nicke25 would be at 50,000
I would definitely call you crazy and
even pay for the ambulance to pick you
up but here we are.
>> How is that playing out? tell us give us
the domestic story like how alive have
things [snorts] become?
>> Thank you very much. I never expected
that last year either. So, but but I
think
>> one thing is that we have a new prime
minister.
>> Uh she said she has a very good vision I
think to uh to make uh to to to
get uh
the the Japan better.
>> Okay.
>> Get growth. And I think she is a very
visitorous actually. So I think that is
very playing well in the market right
now. I think I think that that that's a
part.
>> What are you excited to see the most out
of this new government then?
>> Yeah.
>> She she has raised several items that
has to be solved. Uh I think today she
announced that she will she will
co-invest in 17 areas. Uh that is very
important for Japan from a growth
perspective.
>> Right.
>> So that kind of thing. She will also try
to reform the social securities uh for
the young people. I think and these two
are very important for Japan.
>> In fact, I just want to pick up one one
of those points because for the longest
time there also wasn't an interest rate
in Japan. It was it was zero at best and
now you have an interest rate. In fact,
the debate right now is interest rates
might be too low.
>> Yeah.
>> In Japan. What is your what is your
outlook for interest rates in Japan?
>> Well, you know, it's right now the
policy rate is 50 basis point as you
know. Uh I think there's a room for
another hike or you know two two or
three two two hike or so. Okay given the
inflationary thing that is happening
right now. Uh I guess the BOJ is waiting
to see that there will be a wage hike
again next year.
>> Right.
>> And if they if they get confident about
that Yeah. Yeah. If they get confident
about that they will be definitely be
able to raise rates. Yeah.
>> And Ron you talked about all the money
and flow coming into Japan. Is there
something that to look at in terms of
Japanese investors and putting their
money outside the country and and
devesting maybe out of their their home
countries? Is there is there a trend
that you think that is emerging now too?
>> Um I I think that's likely to occur. I
mean if if you look over uh the past two
or three decades in Japan um Japanese
investors have invested but they've
often invested in products or been
offered products that have been very
short-term in nature. um the uh the the
fee structures weren't the the greatest
and in terms of beneficial to them. And
what you're seeing now is a
comprehensive set of policies that are
meant to instill confidence in savers to
actually deploy capital as investors. Um
the regulatory structure is really
focused on um appropriate pricing
structures uh making sure that
misselling doesn't occur. So there's a
just a nice alignment of policy here.
And so we would foresee that there'll be
uh more investing initially in Japan,
right? Um I mean not least of which is
what we've seen over the last year in
terms of market performance,
>> but also more broadly uh in Japan and
outside of Japan.
>> I wanted to ask you to ask you about
that. you know what what part of the
deal I guess the deal was also given the
backdrop of in a couple of years do you
expect more flows from Japan into other
markets and this is this deal
specifically a way for you guys to
capitalize specifically at state street
uh if we do get those outflows coming
out of Japan into other parts of the
global equity markets
>> yeah and well and that's how we'll be
positioned right because now that we're
the global custodian right for these
assets uh certainly any of those assets
that flow out would be beneficial to us.
Um and so we will be well positioned for
that.
>> Mas you mentioned about this deal you
can focus on the domestic business
>> more closely now. What what's going to
be the strategy moving forward? Well, so
we we we uh focus on four areas
actually. Uh Japanese retail, uh asset
and wealth management and then Japanese
corporates uh Japanese uh CIB and the
global CIB. So we will be able to
reallocate our resources into our four
areas.
>> Yeah.
>> What's the sense you get from your
clients, corporate Japan and retail
investors? has is the economic picture
the way we see it in headlines is that
what's happening on the ground
>> I would say that you know the retail is
moving into investment actually that has
happened maybe uh a year starting from a
year ago
>> right
>> uh I I guess this will be enhanced given
all these uh talks from the prime
minister new prime minister number one
>> I would say that Japanese corporates
will start investing in Japan
uh to for uh to the areas that The prime
minister talked about the 70 areas I
think. Yeah. So I guess the dynamics
will change a lot in Japan in terms of
that and then we can also get uh foreign
investors coming into Japan to invest in
Japan too. Yeah.
>> In terms of two you're forecasting maybe
two hikes uh for for Japan coming
forward. What does that mean for the
bank? I mean in terms of roe and the
like. Are we expecting a significant
lift from that?
>> Yeah. Yeah. That's Yeah. So that's a
good thing for that's a good thing for
us. [laughter]
I won't say it loudly in the public but
but you know
>> uh 25 basis point increase will give us
somewhere around 100 billion yen
increase in our in our profits. So
definitely uh currently our ro is
somewhere around 10% it will probably go
around 11 12%. That's yeah
>> I mean for the longest time
>> there was always this fear and concern
that you could not raise prices in Japan
because the end demand wasn't there. Do
you think that mindset's completely gone
now? People are used to hype prices
going up and you're confident that you
can do the same.
>> So as far as I see in the retail sector,
the the the
companies are passing on
>> right
>> the the cost to the retail actually and
that's happening actually although not
fully
>> okay
>> but let's say somewhere around 50 to 60%
is passed. Yeah. Ron, outside of Japan,
what do you see the most areas in in
terms of geographies where you can make
the most impact now?
>> So, I think what's going on, people talk
about delobalization and I think it's
really a regloalization. Um, okay.
>> And um uh sure there's some uh pullback
to uh to in to national countries if you
will and a lot of that is supply chain
driven and securing supply chain. But
the idea that everybody's going to do
everything for themselves is simply not
true. So what you're seeing is um uh old
trade alliances are breaking down and
new trade alliances are uh developing
and you're the place where that's front
and center is here in Asia.
>> Um as uh the China direct to US trade
becomes less important. It's not going
to go away. Um but it'll still make it
there. Uh maybe through intermediary
countries, investment out of China into
other countries that then gets into the
US. I mean ultimately the goal for the
foreseeable future is to provide uh
goods to the US consumer. It's the
largest economy in the world, 75%
consumerdriven. And so this idea of
reglobalization is actually an important
one because you'll see new businesses
developing. Um I mean today the largest
port uh the largest country landing in
the port of Los Angeles is Vietnam. Two
years ago and for the prior 20 that
would have been China,
>> right?
>> Uh and it's not that China isn't landing
in LA but Vietnam's gotten larger. So
that's an example of some of this uh
reglobalization that's going on.
Similarly, and you've heard it today at
the conference, um capital flow is
reglobalizing too. And where and how
capital flows. Uh we're here in Hong
Kong for a very important reason because
it's a it's a node that really connects
China with not just uh uh the US but
China with the rest of the world.
>> And I think of it almost as as you think
about it as railroads. You've got this
now great switching yard called Hong
Kong uh both for goods and as
importantly maybe more importantly for
capital. Yeah, I was about to say, you
know, this reg globalization concept,
right? The HKMA hosts an event like this
and everyone from the world, right,
>> is is here. We were just talking to some
people. Everyone knows each other inside
this room. I want to get a sense of if I
think there's no better person to ask
but you in terms of
>> the flows you're seeing as a global
custodian bank. People talk about
>> we're re-engaging our exposure to the
Chinese markets. We're relooking at
China. what are you seeing exactly as
far as are people backing up that that
claim?
>> So, um that maybe at a high macro level
sure um over [snorts] the past several
years uh the the flows have been uh
capital flows been to the US. Um uh and
if you're invested in the US um you
really couldn't go wrong.
>> Um that started to change and and there
was a massive overweight position to the
US uh both equity and debt,
>> right? Um, and that started to change
about this time last year. You started
to see the overweight position coming
down. It accelerated at the beginning of
the year and reached its uh probably its
bottom in April um around liberation
day.
>> Yeah.
>> Um and everybody at that time thought,
okay, uh this really is we're going to
see massive flows now out of the US.
Well, you haven't seen that. And a part
of it has been for I think uh the fact
that the tariffs have are proving not to
be as bad as we thought and there's
almost a pattern that's emerging now in
here in terms of predictability. And
remember markets uh markets hate
uncertainty right you'd rather know that
something is bad for certain that wonder
if it's going to be bad and be uncertain
about it. Uh and then secondly, uh US
companies have proven to be so
profitable and enduring.
>> Less uncertain now after what happened
last week in Korea?
>> Much less uncertain. Much less
uncertain. And um and I and I think
that's that's good for the world. Now
having said that, um I'm a big believer
in this regalization concept. So I the
um will investors be rewarded by going
to places other than the US or I should
say in addition to the US? I absolutely
believe that. Um I mean I think that
certainly in Asia and parts of Europe
and the valuation gaps still remain high
so good companies are cheaper.
>> Ron Masahero we got to leave it there
but thank you so much for joining us
here Ronald Alhanley there chairman and
CEO of State Street and Masahiro Kajara
president and group CEO of Mazuo
Financial Group. All right we got lots
to come here at the HQMA event. Still
ahead, we speak exclusively to Franklin
Templeton [music] CEO Jenny Johnson
about the company's investment strategy
in the region in China. You're watching
the China show live from the HMA [music]
Global Financial Leaders Investment
Summit. This is Moon.
>> Right, welcome back. You're watching the
China Show. about 51 minutes or so into
the cash market session and Minman Low
is watching markets for us today.
Minman, what's going on?
>> Yes, David. Looks like Asian markets are
seeing a little bit of a pullback at the
moment. You can see the Nikki is trading
slightly flat as we return from the
holidays. Still close to record highs at
the moment though, but the Cosby really
leading declines here down 1.6%. Perhaps
there's a bit of a profit taking going
on after the record highs that we saw
yesterday. And this is despite the huge
rally we saw overnight with the Mac 7,
right? There was a big $ 38 billion deal
signed between Open AI and Amazon to get
access to hundreds of thousands of these
uh Nvidia GPUs. But it looks like
markets are shrugging that off at the
moment and perhaps is the Fed story in
the US. The the the murky outlook around
the December rate cut outlook that is
weighing on sentiment at the moment. The
hung also not doing a whole lot here.
But we take a look at some of the movers
that we're watching today. We are
keeping an eye on some of these EV
players because BYD Goldman Sachs just
raised the price target for this company
by about 8% or so to about 140 Hong Kong
dollars on the back of strong
expectations of its overseas push. But
still, you're seeing markets uh largely
on the downside here for the EV players
down 8/10en of a percent for BYD.
Perhaps still a lot of that
disappointment from BYD's third quarter
earnings as well. And we're also keeping
an eye on some of these uh travel stocks
as well. China just announced that it is
extending the visa-free policy for 45
countries until the end of next year.
But here we can see pretty mixed right
now. Trip.com and HWorld uh looking
positive here. But Tong Chong Travel uh
down about 8/10en of a percent. This is
of course part of the government's plan
to boost inbound travelers spending as a
means to boost domestic consumption as
well.
>> Mim, thank you. M low there joining us
Sarah on what's going on in markets
here. Um yeah, we're going to take you
back to inside the conference room and
really what's been going on this big
panel among some of the Wall Street
banks here at the global financial
leaders investment summit. There you go.
Ted pick from [music] Morgan Stanley and
of course we have Goldman Sachs says
David Solomon as well. Want to let you
know Ted Pick is going to be joining us
in the next hour or so here on Bloomberg
TV. Plenty more ahead. This is
Bloombergology
that is coming to age. Uh
>> all right, we haven't caught a break. We
haven't missed a beat really when it
comes to the global financial leaders
investment summit here. A panel on
market trends is ongoing there. You're
hearing from Ted Pik, the chairman and
CEO at Morgan Stanley. He's joined by
David Solomon, the chairman and CEO of
Goldman Sachs, and Mike Gitlin, the
president and CEO of Capital Group as
well. Certainly coming at a time when,
you know, we heard from David Solomon
himself talking about he's expecting a
flurry of deals really to happen for the
next two years coming from either Hong
Kong, this part of the world here. He
mentioned about capital markets were
strong. Goldman Sachs certainly is well
positioned in that too. Yes, he's the
window is open for people to CEOs to
pull the trigger on deals. He's also
talking about just commentary coming
through as far as the equity market
goes. He does see the possibility uh
David Solomon of draw down in US
equities. And just to mention, David
Solomon joined us on shows earlier on
and in about an [music] hour's time, Ted
Pick out of Morgan Stanley will be
joining us here on sets. Stay tuned for
that and plenty more. This is the China
Show.
rest of Asia. I I'll start [music] with
uh David again. Um Goldman Sachs has
been very active in China and I just
learned that you're flying up to Beijing
after this um this morning's session. So
see since this deep seek moment um
people are taking a different view on
China and given what's happened last
week with the what do you call truce or
trade pack between US and China how are
sentiments changing and how what what
would you like and what what would you
see in the next few years?
>> Um I make a a couple of comments around
that. I mean, you know, sentiment with
respect to Chinese equities certainly
had a lot of room to change. If you go
back to a year ago, you know, after what
happened in 20 um, you know, 2020 and
2021 and 2022, kind of six six trillion
was wiped out. And so, you've seen
year-over-year since we were last year
about an 80% move in Chinese equities.
And that kind of makes up about half of
what was lost during that, you know,
during that period. And I think it's
reflective of whether it's the deepseek
moment or or just a more normalized kind
of long-term view and also just the fact
that on a global basis with valuations
moving up you know a lot of these
Chinese equities look very very
attractive. Um China is one of the
largest most important economies in the
world. Uh global capital allocators will
continue to be interested in China um in
almost any environment. You know, I
think what you've what you've seen over
the course of the last year is a little
bit after a shift away, a little bit of
a shift back from global capital
allocators. And you know, my guess is
that'll continue with this a little bit
greater stability over the course of the
next year versus what we've seen over
the last 12 months.
>> Um I moved to TAT uh for the rest of
Asia. Um you've seen actually the
regional markets are actually growing
fairly rapidly as well. um that includes
India, Japan and Southeast Asia. So uh
the MSCI Asia Pacific index are up 20%
this year. So we uh remain positive um
Morgan Stanley remain positive on Asia
in this region. So what which are the
markets which really excites you and
which are the markets which are more
developed markets or more EM markets?
>> Well, I would echo David's comments.
Hong Kong, China uh is where it uh
begins and ends. uh there the
developments uh if you believe in a
market where investors will reward uh
great companies and where dispersion
matters uh AI, robotics, EV, biotech,
you have not just national champions but
global winners that are listing in Hong
Kong raising capital and effectively
establishing themselves as world's top
uh two, three, four, 500 companies
immediately. So really you start here.
Uh but as you look to in in Japan and
you start thinking about not just
diversification across asset classes but
diversification across geographies, it's
hard not to be excited about uh Hong
Kong, China, Japan and India. Three
vastly different narratives but all part
of a global uh Asia story in Japan. you
see the re reawakening of uh investor
interest and corporate governance and uh
there is a ton of corporate activity
that is underway and will continue. Uh
and then you have uh in Japan the
reality of demography and the very slow
but inexurable move of uh yen plus real
estate uh is a savings portfolio into
something looks like a traditional
invested portfolio and that's something
we're uh very excited about. And then
India has enormous infrastructure-led
runway will be one of the world's uh
most deeply held markets once we see the
kind of deregulation that we would
expect over the next 5 10 15 years. So
if you think about the next five years
and we talk about the need to diversify
as between uh risk and non-risk assets
and between public and private assets,
it really does matter now to have that
geographic footprint uh in all three
major locations. very different
narratives but all should generate um
alpha and positive risk adjusted returns
over the next three five 10 20 years. So
Mike, a year ago or even before then
we're talking about the growing power of
passives and passives ETFs been like
dominated. New money is going into
passives but now it seems that it's
moving to active and active ETFs again.
Maybe you explain a little bit about
that trend change and where would it
lead to and how should Asian investors
benefit from it.
>> Yeah, I think what's what's starting in
the US is expanding globally. If you
look at ETFs, it's an investment
vehicle. For 30 years, we let the
vehicle be described as passive because
there weren't active alternatives. Now
that they're active alternatives, the
adoption rate is much faster than any of
us would have imagined. I'll just give
you a sense for us. We launched active
ETFs in the US three years ago. We
reached a hundred billion dollars of
assets this week and the flow rate is
about a billion dollars per week. So the
interest in getting those active
outperformance.
>> Good morning. Yeah. And welcome back to
the China show. You're just looking at
some live pictures there uh inside where
we are just outside this location of
course here at the Rosewood Hotel, the
global financial leaders investment
summit. This panel of course and market
trends uh ongoing there. So you
basically saw everyone there on stage. I
think one of the last things last points
I caught there out of I think it was
David Solomon who mentioned that there
>> don't be surprised it's possible we do
get when people think the market just
keeps going up up up and up
>> you know this can go down every now and
then
>> there could be a 10 to 20% pullback he
says when it comes to US equity markets
right that draw down could you know it
we've been we've been waiting
anticipating what could be that trigger
but certainly that is something that he
is uh watching out for as well joining
us exclusively is Jenny Johnson the CEO
of Franklin Templeton who's also here as
well. You were in that room and you were
hearing those men talk about maybe what
the risks are there to these bull
markets that we're seeing across global
equities here right now. What sort of
risks are you seeing on the radar now,
Jenny?
>> So, I I mean I agree with David's
comment. Well, first of all, we all know
markets are not linear. They don't just
go up. They go up and down as they
whatever the trend is. I think though
one of the concerning trends that would
um support kind of David's uh concern
around whether there's a little bit of a
correction is just that there's been
this concentration of retail money
straight into the market. So most
institutions seem to be sort of staying
the path and the retail money I I I just
read something that said one in four
ETFs that have been issued in the last
12 months are levered ETFs and that the
retail money is tending to go in
concentrated things like AI, quantum
computing, you know, thematics. So that
then means that you end up with uh you
know things being overpriced
potentially, right?
>> I always say you have to separate the
market from the economy. I'm very
bullish on the economy. I think there's
a lot of good good u positive things
going on there. Um but the market's been
a bit one-sided. It's all been about
these large cap growth. It's mostly been
sort of six stocks. Uh but when you have
now adding this kind of levered ETFs
that are focused on that concentration,
that's where I think you're going to get
volatility and you could have a
correction.
>> It's a good point you made. You know,
one of the comments I keep getting on
the show is, you know, these are good
companies, but they could be bad stocks
on a stock of its own. But you hear
someone like Jensen Hong for example who
said just last week there is no bubble
and you you look at these companies
doing literally in some cases trillion
dollar deals and you get a sense is
there really a bubble or is there really
something that they're prep because
they're putting their money behind this
endeavor. How do we square that with
like a $5 trillion company like Nvidia
for example?
>> Well look I think Nvidia is an amazing
company and it's got tremendous
opportunity and I think we are at the
you know early stages on AI so no
question on that. Um but again you have
to separate valuations and um anytime
you start getting this concept of of
spec sector specific thematic levered
ETFs I just worry a little bit about you
know kind of the uh short-term
volatility right
>> but but you know what happens is the
retail investor says wait a second is
only down 10%. Why is my ET ETF down 20
or 30%. You know, somebody told me that
I don't know if this true, but there was
like a five times levered ETF. That's a
very different experience for the the
retail investor. And I'm not sure they
always understand that. And I think up
until last week, right, we we this was a
market that was supported by the Fed
expected to resume this rate cutting
cycle and it seems like what we heard
from J. Pal last week was that December
is not a guarantee. uh how are you
looking at that and is that going to be
a sort of headwind for for recession? I
think it's quite possible the Fed
doesn't move in December. Uh there there
was actually a really good study done by
the Dallas Fed because everybody points
to the lack of job creation in the US
and saying, "Well, if there's not job
creation, it must be a slow down
economy." But the Dallas Fed said, "Hey,
precoid you needed 100,000 jobs a month
to be kind of at equilibri equilibrium
with unemployment." now says you only
need 30,000 jobs in a month to have
equipment because their labor
participation is down, immigration is
down and obviously an aging population
which means wait a second how can
companies grow and not create jobs and
you see that productivity is up 1%. So
there's about 156 million people in the
US. That's about 1.5 million people. So
you actually, it kind of explains it.
And then if you just look around
earnings growth, you know, companies
earnings growth are increasing. Um,
honestly, the fixed income markets are
kind of priced for perfection. Not
really for any kind of problems along
there. So I actually think the economy
is strong and I think there's a real
argument for the Fed to just sit, let
the last cut continue to be digested and
see how things go. I think before we
talk about China and I think you have
another deal too. Can I just ask you
then? It seems we're going into a good
2026. I can't think of a major risk to
think about. Last year was the
elections, what policy settings were
going to be, monetary, geopolitical.
There doesn't seem to be anything I can
find. And I'm in the media. I'm used to
looking for bad news. [laughter]
>> I was going to say those are such famous
last words that you always worry about.
>> What's the risk? What's the risk that
you're you think we should be at least
>> I think I mean honestly in 2026 you know
you have things like actually uh the big
beautiful bill had frontloaded a lot of
the tax benefits. I think that was
probably to set the economy up pretty
well for midterm elections. There's
going to be a massive amount of tax
refunds that come in in the early 2026.
Um I think the rest of the market other
than the the um you know the the uh the
six stocks that we're kind of focused on
uh is actually not trading that
expensively. Um so and I and it feels
like we're working through that you know
things were positive with Trump and and
and and she and you know as you have
less volatility on tariffs that also
gives confidence in the market. So I I'm
kind of with you. It feels like and AI
again I think we're just starting to see
the benefits of AI and how they impact
individ individual companies. So far the
beneficiaries in the market have all
been the picks and shovels. It hasn't
even been digested into people's
business models and therefore operating
income.
>> Does that give more credence to what
we're seeing in China as well? This AI
boom that seems to be helping this whole
equity market uh go into bull markets
here right now. this got a slow burn
that we're seeing or so bull market as
you're saying in China. Does it look
sustainable in your eyes?
>> I mean I think China's got a lot of
their own plans on A and we saw it with
the deep sink moment you know where uh
obviously there's there's a lot of focus
there. China's got tremendous expertise
in EV batteries. Many people say they're
leading in it robotics AI. So yeah. So I
think we're all bullish for China. Plus,
I think that the um policy has tried to
get the consumer to spend more to be
more focused on stimulating the economy
in China. So, and honestly, China's
pretty cheap compared to other parts of
the world. I was one more take on the
whole sell America theme, right? That
that was probably prominent maybe about
6 months ago. But I look at a US 10ear
yield that's sub 4% now. I live equity
markets that are still at record highs
uh in the US. Is it is it more on the
margins then to sort of kind of
diversify out the US? Look, I think
America, you know, the US has amazing
innovation and it's continues to lead in
innovation. Uh so that's the positive.
The challenge has been the currency,
right? If you're not a US dollar-based
investor, you had this massive headwind
for the dollar depreciating and there's
some that think that there may be still
more in that. So that's a natural
headwind that that happens to a non US
investor. you have a big announcement
you want to tell us as well. Uh tell us
a bit more about this tokenized money
market fund that you're launching.
>> So actually all the way back in 2021 we
uh launched a US money market that is
natively based on the digital
blockchain. Many of the other actually I
think all of the other uh tokenized
money market funds are what are called
digital twins. They shadow on
blockchain. Okay. because ours is
natively on the blockchain and our big
announcement is we actually our Genji is
being launched in Hong Kong. So it's a
usage version that has been approved
here for institutional investors. We're
hoping to bring it to retail investors.
What when it's natively on blockchain,
it allows you to do things like we pay
the yield every day in the account. If
you own it for partial day, yeah,
>> 4 hours 32 minutes and 22 seconds, you
will get paid yield on that. You can do
peer-to-peer transfers. So it's simply
that this technology of blockchain
enables a lot more features and so we're
really excited to bring this here.
>> And the type of investor that would be
suited for this is it an income product
the way or Yeah. What what is it?
>> Yeah. So it's a money market fund,
right? So it's it's tends to be short
duration. It's yielding I think it's
it's just about 4%. Uh so it's a you
know it's an income type product. Uh uh
you can you can have higher yielding
riskier income products. This is a
higher
>> yield stable coins some say. So stable
coins don't provide yield, right?
They're stable coins. So this is because
they they they the yield tends to go to
the owner of the stable coin. In the
case of money market fund, we take a
small management fee and pass the yield
on to the investor. So you know, we're
building things where you can have again
because it's natively on blockchain, you
can trade it 7 days a week, 365 days a
year. And so we're working through where
you can on a Saturday say, I'm yielded
up now. I need to make a payment. I'm
going to convert it into my stable coin
and make a payment with that stable
coin.
>> G Benji,
>> G Benji, thank you so much. Jenny
Johnson, fantastic having you. Thank you
as always for carving out some of your
time for us here. Jenny Johnson, guy,
CEO of Franklin Templeton. Plenty more
hat. This is the China show.
All right, I think looks like we're into
a break right now, so it's getting loud
outside here at the Rosewood Hotel. But
we did earlier speak with the Goldman
Sachs CEO, David Solomon, saying that
this one-year trade truth between the US
and China delegation is really enough
time for the two sides to reach a
constructive trade deal. We spoke
exclusively to Solomon here at the HKMA
Global Financial Leaders Investment
Summit.
>> Well, it seems like the meeting was
constructive. I'm I'm I'm I'm watching
the news the same way you're all
watching the news. Uh I think at the
moment uh you know a deescalation is a
good thing, but there's obviously a lot
of work to do to um to really arrive at
a real stable deal that can endure you
know over a period of time. I'm
encouraged by the prospect of a
potential visit from the US president uh
that was telegraphed in the fall. But
for the moment, you know, I did not
think the escalation on either side was
constructive. And so, you know, I much
prefer a deescalation. And I think both
both sides really had a purpose in that
meeting to talk constructively to have a
more deescalated environment and that
allows now for constructive
conversations um as they move forward.
>> One year truce though, is there pros and
cons to that? Is that was that due to
business? Sorry, I couldn't hear you.
One year truce though between the two.
Does is that a good or bad thing? I
mean, what does it do in terms of
business sentiment when there's a
12-month time frame now we're talking
about? better than it's better than an
escalation at unreasonable levels, which
is kind of where we were um you know
over the most recent time. Trade
negotiations are complicated and there
are a lot of issues on the table. They
need thoughtful responses and responses
that can be durable that both sides
embrace and get to the right place. Yes,
there's some uncertainty because it's a
one-year, you know, it's a one-year
delay in all of this, but it's also a
realistic period of time to try to get
the right kind of deal done. So both
economies can move forward in a
constructive way. And look, these are
the two most important economies in the
world. I think it's very important that
you know we arrive in a better place
where we can both participate
constructively with each other in the
global growth of the world.
>> I mean speaking of let me borrow your
phrase participate. The there's been a
resurgence in equity capital market
raising here in Hong Kong. A lot of the
Chinese companies tech or otherwise are
raising capital for the future. I want
to get your sense as someone who sits in
New York. You travel of course all
around the world. Is there a lot of
appetite now from US-based investors to
participate by giving that capital to
Chinese companies right now in order to
do
>> there's you know realize their ambition.
>> Sure. There's there's there's there's
more appetite for it than there was 12
months ago. I remember actually last
November sitting in a dinner um in the
United States with a group of US
investors um and this topic came up and
there were a couple of investors that
basically said we all should be looking
to China and the the reason the reason
that had evolved that way is if you look
last fall the prices had gotten so cheap
the capital flows had moved so in the
other direction that it you just knew
that things would come more into balance
and there'd be a recycling and we've
seen that recycling. You've seen a big
move in prices year-over-year. You've
seen more foreign capital come in and
start to participate. That's a
fundamentally different question about
the big capital allocators really
fundamentally shifting their allocations
up to be higher again. So foreign direct
investment in China has come down and I
think one of the big questions is until
we understand kind of the trade and the
geopolitical landscape it's harder to
see significant shifts back to higher
levels of foreign direct investment and
more capital allocation. But for the
moment those flows are making for a
better IPO market here um and more
opportunities here.
>> We've seen governments being I guess
more involved in some of these business
deals. I take a look at Intel for
example. I look at Nippon Steel even CK
Hutch which Goldman Sachs was a sole
adviser to what's the advice now to
clients uh now in terms of that
intervention risk
>> well you just mentioned three different
deals and they're completely different I
mean they're completely different
completely different governments are
always going to appine and weigh in on
different transactions there are
regulatory approvals in the United
States of CPHAS there I mean there are
all sorts of issues where governments
weigh in that is a very different thing
very different thing than a government
taking an investment, you know, in a
specific company wouldn't surprise you.
I'm not a big fan of that as a general
practice. That doesn't mean there aren't
exceptions because I believe that the
markets should allow capital formation
and competition, you know, around
companies and um you know, this
administration is um is in one or two
situations. They're taking actions like
that. You know, as I said, I'm not black
and white and dogmatic. There can be
exceptional circumstances, but I don't
think as a general practice having
governments take stakes in companies is
is the direction of travel we want our
free market system to go.
>> Goldman Sach CEO David Solomon there
speaking to us a little bit earlier on.
Of course, if you're a subscriber and
can turn to your terminal for more on
what's going on at the HQ event, Elive
Go is your function for the latest
updates. We got plenty more ahead. This
is Bloomberg.
All right, we've been live here all
morning at the HQMA Global Financial
Leaders Investment Summit. And really,
it [music] seems like there's been, you
know, everyone's talking about how
bright the prospects are here in the
city. And we were just talking really
about whether the China business and
what people are looking at here, the
deals that they want to talk about, but
also talking about the risk, right?
You've been kind of jokingly saying that
that you don't see anything in the on
the radar there.
>> I really don't. what could really kind
of derail all these markets. But what we
heard just now inside was a David
Solomon from Goldman saying look expect
the possibility of a 10 to 20% downside
in equity markets for the next 12 to 24
months.
The fact that he even has to say that
good global equity markets go up and
down 10 to 20 that that should be
normal.
>> That should be normal.
>> And the fact that that is one of the
>> visible risks out there just speaks to
how really good the the stars have
aligned right at equity markets. We have
a trade deal.
>> You know, the worst case on the Fed
based on the information we have now is
maybe they'll hold, but they're still
going to cut.
>> Yeah. So it seems that we are going into
2026 and with the bull market frogy
valuations in some parts but it does
seem like things are are shaping up
well. The other thing that stood out to
me as well, interesting insights on the
BOJ,
>> oh yeah,
>> out of Mizuo that in a world where
things are cutting, they do expect the
BOJ to hike rates even further, one to
two and I think that's going to be very
good for the Japanese.
>> Yeah. 11 or 12% in terms of ROE when it
comes to Mazuo itself and really how
they're positioning themselves is that
they think that this new government is
going to bring a lot of change and it's
for the positive for markets here and he
says even when it came to 50,000 on the
Nickeloss also laughing when you brought
up that sort of milestone too. Yet yet
we're here and it makes sense is is the
point, right? So just before we wrap up
this bit, of course there's plenty more
ahead here from the HKMA Summit just to
tell you about some big interviews
coming up here still from the ground of
course lots to talk about. We heard from
of course David Solomon just now and in
a couple of minutes there we go Ted Pick
Morgan Stanley chairman and CEO will be
joining us here in sets at those times
on your screens.
Let him head. This is Bloomberg.